arobas music is proud to present
the new guitar pro 6 you're
looking for a software the
professional full tablature or
that you simply wanted
learn new guitar pro
6 is the solution
the guitar version 6 come with
a multitude of novelties facilitating
your job
the interface has been completely reviewed all
the tools are now available
directly in the workspace
many display modes are
available including a screen mode
zoom up to eight times the size
original or automatic scrolling
of your score this one can be
completely personalized thanks to
new style sheets and a whole
new fashion design ita prosys you
allows to write partitions of
professional quality select the
value of the desired name place the
slider on the desired rope and enter
the freight number on your keyboard
digital
each track can be completely
custom you can now
use open tuning for each
list of guitars this rope and even
hoods parsian guitar pro is
also a very tablature reader
effective or to transpose
your score change the tempo or
still played a section of the piece in
pro guitar loop 6 comes with
brand new are very realistic thanks
to the brand new module of its rs can of
more than one hundred and more than about 7
50 effect and amps are at your
disposition
use the range generator will be able
take new positions
you can even select a part
from your tablatures and see what kind
of range is used the tuner
digital allows you to tune your
guitar by plugging it directly into
the sound card
the built-in wizard checks the duration of
each measurement and corrects them according
errors find kita pro has become
in just a few years the
tablatures software reference
thousands of tablatures in the format
guitar pro are available on the internet
allowing you to learn new
pieces or just to improve
your technique share your creations
with your friends very easy thanks to
many formats supported by guitar
pro with all that guitar pro 6 is a
must for those of you
looking for tablature software
powerful and effective